Matthew;5;14;16;Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid. ~Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick, and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. ~Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.
John;3;5;0;Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
John;3;16;0;For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life
John;7;17;0;If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself.
1 Corinthians;15;40;42;There are also celestial bodies, and bodies terrestrial: but the glory of the celestial is one, and the glory of the terrestrial is another. ~There is one glory of the sun, and another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars: for one star differeth from another star in glory. ~So also is the resurrection of the dead. It is sown in corruption, it is raised in incorruption:
Ephesians;1;10;0;That in the dispensation of the fulness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, and which are on earth, even in him.
Ephesians;2;19;20;Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints, and of the household of God. ~And are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone.
2 Thessalonians;2;1;3;Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him, ~That ye be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand. ~Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition.
2 Timothy;3;15;17;And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus. ~All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness: ~That the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good works.
Hebrews;12;9;0;Furthermore we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us, and we gave them reverence: shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the Father of spirits, and live?
James;1;5;6;If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not, and it shall be given him. ~But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed.
James;2;17;18;Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone. ~Yea, a man may say, Thou hast faith, and I have works: shew me thy faith without thy works, and I will shew thee my faith by my works.
1 Peter;4;6;0;For for this cause was the gospel preached also to them that are dead, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, but live according to God in the spirit.
Revelation;20;12;0;And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God, and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works.